src/pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: ../layouts/AboutLayout.astro
title: "About"
---

AstroPaper is a minimal, responsive and SEO-friendly Astro blog theme. I designed and crafted this based on [my personal blog](https://satnaing.dev/blog).

This theme is aimed to be accessible out of the box. Light and dark mode are supported by
default and additional color schemes can also be configured.

This theme is self-documented \_ which means articles/posts in this theme can also be considered as documentations. So, see the documentation for more info.

<div>
  <img src="/dev.svg" class="sm:w-1/2 mx-auto" alt="coding dev illustration">
</div>

## Tech Stack

This theme is written in vanilla JavaScript (+ TypeScript for type checking) and a little bit of ReactJS for some interactions. TailwindCSS is used for styling; and Markdown is used for blog contents.

## Features

Here are certain features of this site.

- fully responsive and accessible
- SEO-friendly
- light & dark mode
- fuzzy search
- super fast performance
- draft posts
- pagination
- sitemap & rss feed
- highly customizable

If you like this theme, you can star/contribute to the [repo](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper).  
Or you can even give any feedback via my [email](mailto:contact@satnaing.dev).

Commit message:

fix: broken typography in about layout (#541)
* fix: broken typography in about layout

* chore: update about content

(cherry picked from commit 5fb3b25acb9ec0e413c20e0abc56e9799ef49b8e)

src/pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: ../layouts/AboutLayout.astro
title: "About"
---

AstroPaper is a minimal, accessible and SEO-friendly blog theme built with [Astro](https://astro.build/) and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/).

![Astro Paper](public/astropaper-og.jpg)

AstroPaper provides a solid foundation for blogs, or even portfolios\_ with full markdown support, built-in dark mode, and a clean layout that works out-of-the-box.

The blog posts in this theme also serve as guides, docs or example articles\_ making AstroPaper a flexible starting point for your next content-driven site.

## Features

AstroPaper comes with a set of useful features that make content publishing easy and effective:

- SEO-friendly
- Fast performance
- Light & dark mode
- Highly customizable
- Organizable blog posts
- Responsive & accessible
- Static search with [PageFind](https://pagefind.app/)
- Automatic social image generation

and so much more.

## Show your support

If you like [AstroPaper](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper), consider giving it a star ⭐️.

Found a bug 🐛 or have an improvement ✨ in mind? Feel free to open an [issue](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/issues), submit a [pull request](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/pulls) or start a [discussion](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/discussions).

If you find this theme helpful, you can also [sponsor me on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/satnaing) or [buy me a coffee](https://buymeacoffee.com/satnaing) to show your support — every penny counts.

Kyay zuu! 🙏🏼
